script to verify hutch name (#114)
pcdshub/engineering_tools: README.md

    </td>
</tr> 

<tr>
    <td>verify_hutch</td>
    <td>

> usage: Verifies that the passed argument is a known hutch, exit 0 for true or exit for false.

Reviewer: Copy and pasting from your usage within the script (and changing `${BASH_SOURCE[0]}` to `verify_hutch`
```suggestion
usage: verify_hutch <hutch>
 Script that returns confirmation if the passed hutch is a known/existing hutch, success indicated by exit 0, failure by exit 1. 
```
